If you want to ask a new question, do so on the Mailing List. If you get your question answered on the mailing list, please add the question and answer here for other people to find.

==I'm having some kind of "ImportError: cannot import name XYZ" bug when starting gPodder. What can I do?==

Please check if you have all dependencies installed (the ImportError should already give you a clue what's missing). If it's some gpodder-internal module that cannot be loaded, this probably means that you have installed different versions of gPodder on your system that conflict. Make sure to remove all locally-installed gPodder files from <tt>/usr/local</tt> and also check which gPodder version is installed in <tt>/usr</tt> and remove the installed gpodder package if necessary. Then, install the newest version from your distribution or via the Download page on gPodder.org. If you still have problems, please file a [http://bugs.gpodder.org bug report ].

==I believe my gPodder configuration is corrupted - how do I start out with a fresh config?==

gPodder stores all its settings in <tt>gPodder</tt> under your home directory (e.g. <tt>/home/yourname/gPodder/</tt>). To restart with a fresh config, quit gPodder, remove the folder <tt>~/gPodder/</tt> and all its contents and re-start gPodder. All your settings and channel subscriptions will be lost and you can start out with a fresh config.
If you changed the location of your download folder before you have to delete the gPodder folder in your self defined location

==How do I change the download directory from the default location and name to a custom named directory and location?==

You can find the answer in the [[User_Manual#Changing_the_downloads_folder_location_and_the_gPodder_Home_folder|user manual]]

==How do I subscribe to channels that require HTTP authentication?==

Simply add your username and password into the URL when adding a channel. gPodder will automatically see the provided authentication data and use it to authenticate to the web server. The syntax is <tt><nowiki>http://USERNAME:PASSWORD@example.org/files/feed.xml</nowiki></tt>.

If your user name consists of an email and the authentication don't work you have to upgrade to gPodder 3.x

==There are missing icons on the gpodder interface==
This can happen if you aren't running Gnome and there isn't any theme set for GTK applications. You will need to install the Gnome icon theme (normally it's gnome-icon-theme). After that it's easy to setup though, just edit ~/.gtkrc-2.0 and add the following line:
 gtk-icon-theme-name = "gnome"